# HybridTestingAutomationFramework
This is a project that uses hybrid testing automation framework for testing a website. Here, different classes are stored in separate packages according to their functioning.Page Objects, Utilities, Config Files, and Test Cases are a part of implementation. TestNG.xml and pom.xml are a part of execution is responsible for continuous integration. ‘Page Objects’ class contains the objects of the application needed for different scenarios. Here, it is for the login scenario and adds the customer scenario. ‘Test Cases’ contain 3 different parts: setup method, test method, and tear down method. The set up method is for defining pre-requisites and should be executed before class and the tear down method should be executed after class and commands for exit are mentioned here. These are the common methods for every test case and are written in base class. ‘Utilities’ are supported files for every test case and without it; it is not possible to write even a single test case. ReadConfig.java class is used to read the data from the config.properties file. It directly calls the data from that file. Reporting.java file is created to receive the test output along with the time stamp that includes the exact date and time of the test case execution.  ‘Config files’ contain the files that are changed if anything in the future needs to be added. It contains all the files that contain data of the utility classes like log4j.properties include the data for generating the logs and config.properties file include the data of the application and application’s URL. 
‘TestNG.xml’ file is a suite that contains all the test case classes. Here, only test cases are written because the methods for executing the scenarios are written in the test case class. In the ‘pom.xml’ file, dependencies are added and these dependencies download jar files automatically and associate them with the maven project. In the future, there is only a need to change the version of dependency, not the whole file. The dependencies include artifacts and versions of the particular unit.
